Everybody loves inspiration.
Who doesn't want to feel inspired?
Everybody wants to realize their full potential in life.
There are so many incredible ways to start speeches
by being inspirational.
After this lecture, I will share with you
150 of my favorite inspirational quotes,
but I want you to please analyze or watch speeches
in this lecture including the YouTube links, okay?
Now, watch them and please look for inspiration
and while you watch them,
think about how you can inspire others
at the beginning of your speeches.
So let's talk about five examples.
In terms of the first inspirational way
to start a speech example,
I get shiverish just thinking of this one,
here is a tremendous way to start a speech
with inspiration especially if the odds are against you
and your colleagues.
This speech is a real story of how a group of athletes
defied the odds at the peak of the Cold War.
Please watch how the speaker speaks slowly,
clearly and pauses a lot
after saying very motivational things
and we'll work on pauses and how to speak
and how to move your hands and whatnot
during the body portion of this course, okay.
Now, this person speaks from the heart, okay,
and I think I'm gonna get my kids to watch this movie.
My favorite part of this speech is when this coach says,
"This is your time.
"Their time is done.
"It's over."
Check it out.
Now, I want you to think of your dreams, okay.
In this example,
the speaker jumps right into it and inspires people.
This is really, really powerful
and it works exceptionally well
if you wanna inspire and empower your colleagues, okay.
This guy is named Les Brown
and he gives an impeccable performance
of not only inspiring the audience but also being personal
and talking about perceived personal shortcomings, okay.
This video, it blows my mind.
My favorite quote in this one is,
"Someone's opinion of you
"does not have to become your reality."
Check it out.
Okay, in terms of example number three,
this is a rally the troops speech.
The best part is when the coach says,
"No one comes into our house and pushes us around."
I love it.
I love it, okay.
This is a compilation of mind blowing motivational ways
to start a speech,
to rally a team of athletes or business people
or anyone really or just to give you a pick me up
if you ever feel down and out in your life, okay.
So check this video out.
I think you'll find a couple of really cool quotes
to maybe not even use in your speeches,
but to make you feel more inspired, okay.
Check it out.
All right, let's talk about the fourth example.
If you're presenting to people
and you're in a crisis at your company, right,
and you need to survive through one last battle,
then please watch this empowering speech from Al Pacino
in Any Given Sunday on motivating a football team.
Not only is he very inspiring,
but he is extraordinarily personal, transparent, and real.
Check it out.
Okay, the fifth inspirational way to start a speech
is another amalgamation of great inspiring speeches
including one from Will Smith, I love that guy,
in the Pursuit of Happiness
where he's actually speaking to his real son in life, okay.
He says, "You got a dream, you gotta protect."
When people can't do something,
they tell you you can't do it, okay?
You want something, you gotta go get it period.
Very powerful.
So here's the final amalgamation of miscellaneous
powerful and inspirational one-liners to start a speech with
that you can consider using for inspiration.